E1001 Top level template section Errors is not valid
test/fixtures/templates/bad/generic.yaml:4:1

W2001 Parameter myParam not used.
test/fixtures/templates/bad/generic.yaml:15:3

W8003 Fn::Equals element will alway return true
test/fixtures/templates/bad/generic.yaml:20:3

E3001 Resource type `AWS::EC2::Instance1` does not exist in 'us-east-1'
test/fixtures/templates/bad/generic.yaml:23:3

E3003 'AssumeRolePolicyDocument' is a required property
test/fixtures/templates/bad/generic.yaml:25:3

E3003 'AssumeRolePolicyDocument' is a required property
test/fixtures/templates/bad/generic.yaml:29:5

E3002 Additional properties are not allowed (Fn::If unexpected)
test/fixtures/templates/bad/generic.yaml:34:7

E3002 Additional properties are not allowed (FakeKey unexpected)
test/fixtures/templates/bad/generic.yaml:46:7

E1012 Ref pIops not found as a resource or parameter
test/fixtures/templates/bad/generic.yaml:52:13

E3002 Additional properties are not allowed (BadSubX2Key unexpected)
test/fixtures/templates/bad/generic.yaml:55:13

E3012 ['1'] is not of type 'string'
test/fixtures/templates/bad/generic.yaml:57:11

E3002 Additional properties are not allowed (BadKey unexpected)
test/fixtures/templates/bad/generic.yaml:59:11

E3003 'PolicyDocument' is a required property
test/fixtures/templates/bad/generic.yaml:83:11

E3002 Additional properties are not allowed (PolicyDocument1 unexpected)
test/fixtures/templates/bad/generic.yaml:84:11

E1012 Ref WebServerPort not found as a resource or parameter
test/fixtures/templates/bad/generic.yaml:119:11

E3002 Additional properties are not allowed (FakeKey unexpected)
test/fixtures/templates/bad/generic.yaml:123:9

E1012 Ref WebServerPort not found as a resource or parameter
test/fixtures/templates/bad/generic.yaml:128:17

E3003 'IpProtocol' is a required property
test/fixtures/templates/bad/generic.yaml:138:5

E3012 'Test' is not of type 'integer'
test/fixtures/templates/bad/generic.yaml:139:7

E3003 'DefaultAction' is a required property
test/fixtures/templates/bad/generic.yaml:142:5

E3003 'MetricName' is a required property
test/fixtures/templates/bad/generic.yaml:142:5

E3003 'Code' is a required property
test/fixtures/templates/bad/generic.yaml:146:5

E3003 'Role' is a required property
test/fixtures/templates/bad/generic.yaml:146:5

E3002 Additional properties are not allowed (Fn::FindInMap unexpected)
test/fixtures/templates/bad/generic.yaml:206:11

E3003 'IpProtocol' is a required property
test/fixtures/templates/bad/generic.yaml:206:11

E1010 'DNE' is not one of ['CanonicalHostedZoneName', 'CanonicalHostedZoneNameID', 'DNSName', 'Id', 'SourceSecurityGroup.GroupName', 'SourceSecurityGroup.OwnerAlias']
test/fixtures/templates/bad/generic.yaml:229:5

